Iss 195 input snapping, splitting geometries (#199)
MerginMaps/docs: src/field/input_features.md

![Capturing lines](./input-capture-line.png)

### Snapping features
<Badge text="since Input 1.6.0" type="tip"/>

Snapping can be enabled in your <MainPlatformName /> project to make the field survey easier. [How to Set Up Snapping](../gis/snapping/) will guide you through the snapping options.

> If snapping is enabled, the cross hairs will turn purple and snap to vertices (left) or segments (right) of existing features when capturing new features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If snapping is enabled, the crosshair will turn purple and snap to vertices (left) or segments (right) of existing features when capturing new features.
```

![input snapping](../gis/snapping/input_basic_snapping.png)

## Edit features
Tap on a feature and press the edit button.
![Edit button](./input-edit.png)

Now you can change the attributes in the form and modify the shape of the feature using **Edit geometry**. Adjust the location by panning the map or use **GPS** in the same manner as when adding new features. Once you are happy with your changes, press **Save**.
![Edit geometry](./input-edit-geometry.png)

### Split geometry of lines or areas
<Badge text="since Input 1.6.0" type="tip"/>
Lines and areas can be split into two parts. Both parts will keep the same attributes. One of them will get a new `fid`.

To split geometry of a feature:
1. Tap on a feature and press the edit button.
![Edit button](./input-edit-feature.png)

2. Tap **Split geometry**
![split geometry](./input-split-geometry.png)

3. Create the splitting line by adding points. When finished, tap **Done**
![split geometry](./input-split-geom-point.png)

> 4. Two individual features are created!

Reviewer: Well it can actually be more than two features, it depends on how many times the line crosses the geometry 🙂
